well this is a one side of mashup for
you to get smacked up on finding the X
rub with this pump don't even act up
you've been in the jungle you never have
a hike man this is because you're too
much of an ordinary white man
Maurice Rashad or something get on like
tre Shawn but no you're as white as
heroin Tommy
Bob next Peter to keep your mama to
smell me when she was pregnant with you
but he did it now we did see something
Presley's new but that mistake we got a
private ranch
Iggy trying to be a go-getter but no
he's really a good-for-nothing bitch
named Joshua Webber said what that's the
KKK wait wait bro please move eight
weeks ago and picture one of them
dirtbags without the same oh right now
there's too much knitters near Oakland
with so many black stereotypes you won't
be able to breathe I wonder would you
even dare to battle this loud Negro with
nappy hair I never went to school
couldn't graduate if I tried I have a
gun I'm gonna shoot you with how
ignorant in my I don't mama crack showed
me love and she sees me never thank me
but she want to stole your fucking TV
some hot sauce and a bucket of fried
chicken while I'm in court cuz I fucked
yo bitch had a baby and didn't pay child
support
then friend me together her panel the
show me she's not forgotten oh no what
the fuck you gonna do a bath with us and
tell us to pick cotton
everybody give it up for Mario games I
seen his baby's mama bitch look like she
gave birth to Mario's kids I know he's
got a big we should call him the cardio
kid but it's funny how you've got a fire
flower when we get up with Mario spits I
put dick right through his broad zip but
he got mad I told him let's me fade up
do rock cliffs making birdies nice
homies like I love the H you mad and
grabbing because it's a bigger chubby
chaser I'm at the time hold me I'm stuck
in an attic Bobby fucking the stars
you'll be fuckin with planets you'll be
loving the status of an addict for the
thickness if it's too big to walk
through the door he'll just add it to
his wishlist for birdie party got you
fucked the very large bitching or a
whole body
all the Gucci ideas but every fucker ass
and no shoe your whole whoa
golly gee it's boring you are the kind
of relationship probably see on Laurie
you probably wear weighted shoes it's
true way to lose mr. urban you're about
to meet my deadline it's 1:00 a.m. Mario
and way past your bedtime
our blast is fitted on the truth several
bad boys also put his dumb like the Red
Sea in a watch his new ever capsized
my crazy mind invents away I could
change a life with just 89 cents a day
this is like a James bigotry to nigga
tree you are not ready I have let's see
coming out of my mouth is called nigga
knees you'll beat me right here nigga
please look you won't outflow me that
ain't nothing new man call yourself bird
well i'ma come to camp because what what
remedy fuck's your new man split two
cans and put them up in the two kids I
wanted to see back and do more than two
cam icons are aquila you are not even 2
grams before the battery you are
probably asking them what bird stands
for well these letters an acronym
whoever you are I know there's mines
that you're pitching them so hey imma
say that that B is the bitch in them
he thinks the eyes this but imminent but
it's not because you're not dangerous I
see the insolence in your buck my
opponent is Aronian in thisi fits and it
seems but this Ronan has rational
ridiculous games you degenerate fuck you
like to wear a hoodie the Hydra
personality has a dick worth letter but
he's really a pussy yo homies yo homies
all bunch of animals and Cookie
Monster's so why do you have to Big Bird
but when you know
when I was your boy Sparky love for
mommy urban I really fuzz birds best
performance of ever be able to burn
Yosuke KMS time to give us the white boy
that boy good
like white boys at times back to the
Modesto meltdown you don't is
everybody's noise
just different seats by Fulton the
fucking says 3-0 burner y'all